---
# possible values: blog video podcast
category: blog
layout:   blog
title: "Black Friday Promo"
date: 2023-10-16
author: Raphael
summary: Get 2x2 weeks of Portmaster Pro. 
custom_thumbnail_name: black_friday_23
portmaster_plug: false
portmaster_update: false
---

### Black Friday is coming and the (online) shopping sprees are here.

In these times, privacy and security are extra important. When hunting for deals, you log into and browse multiple websites - leaving behind a trail of behavioral data and with that, a big potential for others to take advantage of you.  
We at Safing want to help you and your loved ones stay private and secure.  
Keep them safe and secure this 2023 Holiday Shopping Season with Portmaster. 🎅  
Don’t let them shop online naked: We are giving you 2x 2 weeks of Portmaster Pro so you can pass them on and keep everyone protected. (and save you the hassle of cleaning up their mess 😉)

### Update your Email

Everyone with an active **yearly** subscription valid in November 2023* and an **email** address in their account**, will get an email with two gift codes before the Black Friday Week (20th Nov - 24th Nov).

### Get Portmaster Pro Yearly

If you are a subscriber of Portmaster Plus or pay monthly, [here is a guide on how to change your Plan to Portmaster Pro Yearly.](https://wiki.safing.io/en/FAQ/AccountUpgrade)

### Up Your Protection Today – also with Portmaster Free

Portmaster comes included with ad, tacker and malware filter lists active by default, this increases everyone's security and privacy.
Go install Portmaster for everyone who is doing online shopping the coming season.

Stay safe out there and happy shopping!

---

<p class="text-sm">
  *The Portmaster Pro Subscription needs to be active between UTC 00:00 15.11.2023 and 24:00 17.11.2023, in case of the 17th there might be some delay to the delivery of the free codes due to working hours.<br>
  **The email needs to be valid during the sending process and you are not legible for this promotion after the 17.11.2023 even if you had a valid subscription during the time period.
</p>
